feat(PL-3383): tweak traces (#80)
nestoca/joy-generator: README.md

5. Apply the newly released version in `infra`'s component `ArgoCD.configureJoyGenerator()`'s `version` [here](https://github.com/nestoca/infra/blob/c25905374ec678ec21ce468cb00628b572f70838/pulumi/platform/components/ArgoCD.ts#L477)
    1. do `pu main preview-markdown` on `infra/pulumi/platform` as part of your PR/roll-out & merge, as normal
6. VICTORY! 💪

## Data Flow

> ArgoCD's ApplicationSet controller will queries `joy-generator` on Webhooks or schedule. The latter returns a full list of parameters for each application in the catalog. The ApplicationSet controller will then create or update the Application resources in the cluster. See [Argo CD - Generators

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Argo CD's ApplicationSet controller will query `joy-generator` on Webhooks or schedule. The latter returns a full list of parameters for each application in the catalog. The ApplicationSet controller will then create or update the Application resources in the cluster. See [Argo CD - Generators
```

Plugin](https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/latest/operator-manual/applicationset/Generators-Plugin/) for more information.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant user as User
    participant gh as GitHub
    participant a as ArgoCD
    participant jg as Joy Generator
    participant k8s as Kubernetes

    user->>gh: Merge a PR
    gh->>a: Webhook
    a->>jg: Get list parameter values to use as a template
    jg->>gh: Pull latest commit of master
    jg->>a: Generate list of parameters for each applications in the catalog
    a->>k8s: Create or update ApplicationSet
    a->>k8s: Create or update Application
    k8s->>a: ApplicationSet created or updated
    a->>k8s: Sync Applications (if needed)
    k8s->>a: Applications synced

> ```

Reviewer 2: I love that GH markdown supports this now

Reviewer: TIL! 👍
